hello there are closed directions this
merio voice and i guess with the
downfall of gerbil is it left a giant
gaping fucking hole in the community of
misleaders copiers and stealers so
everybody's rushing to become the new
Jerry Velez and who not better to be the
new gelas than just Steven himself so
just even has decide to dress up like
Jarrod Velez and start taking some of
his games that he Jarrod was used to
copy so first one is the infection
honestly you know how many times has
it's been used by others for fucking
extra views and tics and roebucks and
all this other crap I don't really want
to play these other games because I
don't want to give him a view but you
know you can Amelie it's just even you
can obviously tell that these games and
are misleading but you know no matter
what you say to him you won't fucking do
anything you can't handle criticism he
fucking disables all his comments on his
YouTube channel so then we go to the sky
called sudden rush 1/2 G who has decided
to dress up like gorillas also and post
this on the thumbnail which has been
already been removed and he's posted it
to this but attention robloxians or dark
gene X and sudden rush 12 G must inform
you you do not lift the ads and the ad
system is ours then you read you the
description as of 6 8 13 the first
atomic bomb has been dropped can
codename to Big Daddy it react wrecked
havoc
don't you mean wreaked whatever wrecked
havoc on the non lifting roblox scenes
and decimated the ad system sudden rush
1 G 12 I mean 12 G and dark gene x PS
lord of the magma doesn't list so these
must be war he must be one of those
fucking swag kid
swag you don't lift Yolo motherfuckers
and I guess they flirted the ad system
with misleading ads I don't have a block
I mean I I have a block on right now so
I don't see any ads so I'm just gonna
turn off adblock and let's go see any
ads popping up okay huh we hit this nope
I don't see any ads that are roblox
related so let's go to catalog and let's
see if any of them pop up nope nope okay
I don't see any roblox ads coming up so
it's probably because I may be on Google
Chrome and yeah but I don't honestly I
don't see a giant ad bomb destroying my
can fucking internet so I'm gonna turn
on adblock and it's back on so I don't
really understand what the fuck's going
on like are these people trying to be
the new gerbil as take his place
follow in his footsteps because honestly
that's what it's boiling down to like
who would want to be a fucking Jerry
volas I wouldn't want to but I'm sure I
guess these people want to be the new
Jerry was they look at his forty five
million visits and he's like I want that
even if I'm gonna get banned three
different times I want that money and
they're little greedy bastards but
whatever you know just want to make this
update kind of looked weird maybe for
more inform you guys and yeah so if you
know what's going on tell me down in the
comments because honestly I don't know
what the fuck's going on and yeah have a
nice day